{
    "books": [
        "The Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham",
        "Security Analysis by Benjamin Graham and David Dodd",
        "Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits by Philip Fisher",
        "Business Adventures by John Brooks",
        "Stress Test: Reflections on Financial Crises by Timothy Geithner",
        "The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional CEOs and Their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success by William N. Thorndike",
        "The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America by Warren Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham",
        "The Clash of the Cultures: Investment vs. Speculation by John C. Bogle",
        "Limping on Water by Phil Beuth",
        "Jack: Straight from the Gut by Jack Welch",
        "The Little Book That Still Beats the Market by Joel Greenblatt",
        "Where Are the Customers' Yachts? by Fred Schwed Jr.",
        "The Most Important Thing Illuminated: Uncommon Sense for the Thoughtful Investor by Howard Marks",
        "The Warren Buffett Way by Robert G. Hagstrom",
        "The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life by Alice Schroeder",
        "Tap Dancing to Work: Warren Buffett on Practically Everything by Carol J. Loomis",
        "The Warren Buffett Portfolio: Mastering the Power of the Focus Investment Strategy by Robert G. Hagstrom",
        "Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist by Roger Lowenstein",
        "Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett by Andrew Kilpatrick",
        "The Intelligent Asset Allocator by William J. Bernstein",
        "Berkshire Hathaway Letters to Shareholders by Warren Buffett",
        "The Dhandho Investor: The Low-Risk Value Method to High Returns by Mohnish Pabrai",
        "Margin of Safety: Risk-Averse Value Investing Strategies for the Thoughtful Investor by Seth A. Klarman",
        "The Little Book of Common Sense Investing: The Only Way to Guarantee Your Fair Share of Stock Market Returns by John C. Bogle",
        "The New Buffettology: The Proven Techniques for Investing Successfully in Changing Markets That Have Made Warren Buffett the World's Most Famous Investor by Mary Buffett and David Clark"
    ]
}